JSets is a tool for managing literature review in the laboratory.

The laboratory follows a collection of journals. Every other week a
selection of articles from a set of issues from these journals is
is reviewed and discussed in *Literature Review*. JSets helps in
maintaining the set of issues and associated articles that will be
reviewed during each Literature Review.

The journals that are followed are specified in a configuration file.
Each journal must be specified with a reference issue and a
publication frequency from which all future issues can be computed.
For more information on configuraing JSets, see the detailed help for
the <refs> command.

A set of all issues for review in a given Literature Review is called
a *journal set* and the corresponding selection of articles for
review is called a *selection*. A collection of 26 journal sets for
an entire year can be constructed using the <year> command. Once
constructed, this collection can then be edited, saved and used for
the remainder of the year. Each journal set is dated according to
when all issues in the set are expected to be published. These dates
should be accurate to +/- one day.

Given a collection of journal sets, a selection is created and
assigned to students for review during Literature Review according to
the following work flow:

    1. A table of contents html document is created for the journal
       set using the <toc> command and sent to those students who
       will be presenting. This document allows the students to
       propose a selection for review.

    2. The proposed selections are collected and used to construct
       another table of contents html document with the articles
       proposed for review highlighted. This is again done using the
       <toc> command with the selection files returned by the
       students. The resulting document is sent to the boss. The boss
       then makes his own selection, which is final.

    3. The boss's selection is used to generate an html document for
       ranking the articles selected for review using the <ranks>
       command. This document is then sent to the students, who use
       it to generate their rank-lists indicating their preference
       for reviewing each article in the selection.

    4. The rank-lists are used by the <match> command to assign the
       articles to each student for presentation during the
       Literature Review meeting. This attempts to match each student
       to the articles according to their preferences. See the help
       for the <match> command for more information.
