Usage: jsets match FILE

Papers can be matched to individuals according to preference using
the <match> command and a rank-lists FILE. The rank-lists FILE has
two parts. The first describes which papers to include in each
matching. The second part describes the preferences of the people in
the matching for each paper.

For example, a file of the form (comments begin with #),

    # Rank-lists file for Journal Set 11, 2020:

    # The papers to be matched
    title: long-papers
        1 2 5 7 8 9 10 12 13
    title: short-papers
        3 4 6 11

    # The rank-lists specifying the preferences for each paper
    green  : 12 > 1 > 3 > 5 > 11 > 8
    blue   : 1 > 2 > 3 > 7 = 8 > 13 > 11 = 12 > 9 > 4 = 6 > 5 > 10
    red    : 8
    yellow :

This file indicates that two matches are to be performed, the first
named 'long-papers' and the second named 'short-papers'. Here
'title:' is the keyword introducing a matching to be performed.
Papers are indicated by positive integers. Four individuals are
included in the match named 'green' 'blue', 'red' and 'yellow'. The
rankings are listed using a greater sign to indicate preference. So,
blue prefers paper 1 the most, 10 the least and is indifferent with
respect to papers 7 and 8, but prefers them both more than 13 and
less than 3. Note that green has no preference with respect to papers
2, 7, 9, etc., and red prefers paper 8 but does not care about any of
the others. Yellow has no preferences whatsoever.

The matching is performed by first converting the papers to integer
scores for each person as follows:

    1. The rank-list is restricted to those papers in the matching.
    2. The lowest score is 1.
    3. If there are no preferences, then all papers are scored a 1.
    4. The papers in the rank-list are divided into a 'favored' half
       and a 'disfavored' half. If there is an odd number of papers
       ranked, then there will be an odd number of 'favored' papers.
    5. The most preferred, favored papers are scored beginning with
       the number of papers in the matching down. Equally ranked
       papers get the same score.
    6. The least preferred, disfavored papers are scored beginning
       with 1 up. Equally ranked papers get the same score.
    7. Unranked papers all get the same score equal to the maximum
       score of the disfavored papers plus one.
    8. Phantom papers are introduced so that everyone in the match
       is matched with an equal number of papers.
    9. Phantom papers all get the same score equal to the maximum
       score of the favored papers plus one.

The assignment is then performed in such a way as to maximize the
total score of the preferences over individuals in the match. Note,
that one person may be assigned more than one phantom paper, which
corresponds to being assigned no paper. The scores assigned in each
match can be included in the output using the --match-details option.
