SYNOPSIS
    jsets meetings [FILE] [--key=NUMBER] [OPTION]...

DESCRIPTION
    Schedule meeting dates based on some recurring frequency pattern. If a
    journal sets FILE is provided, then the meetings are paired with the journal
    sets such that the journal sets become available at least one week before
    the meeting date. If the --key=NUMBER option is used, then the scheduled
    meetings will begin with that journal set. If no journal sets FILE is
    provided, then meetings are scheduled as early as possible. The --meet-count
    option can be used to set how many meetings to compute (default  10). The
    first possible meeting date is set with the --start-day option, with the
    default date being the day the command is run. Dates that should always be
    skipped are set with the --skip-day option. The meeting frequency is set
    using the --pattern option and a two character pattern (see ADDITIONAL
    OPTIONS and EXAMPLES below). The presenters at each meeting are listed in
    the configuration file and cycled for each meeting. The number of presenters
    at each meeting can be set with the --meet-size option. The first presenter
    in the presenter cycle is always the first configured; however, the meetings
    can be initialized to start anywhere in the presenter list using the
    --first-presenter option. Many of the above options can be configured and do
    not need to be specified at the command line.

ADDITIONAL OPTIONS
    --first-presenter=NAME
        Where in the list of configured presenters to start cycling the names.
        The first configured presenter is the default.

    --key=number
        Start the meetings with journal set NUMBER from the input file.

    --meet-count=NUMBER
        The NUMBER of meetings to schedule (default 10).

    --meet-size=NUMBER
        The NUMBER of presenters at each meeting (default 3). If zero, then no
        presenters are scheduled. If the number is greater than the number of
        presenters configured, then every configured presenter is assumed to
        present at every meeting.

    --pattern=PATTERN
        The frequency PATTERN for the meetings beginning with the start day.
        The PATTERN indicates the maximum frequency at which the meetings will
        take place, because days may be skipped or incompatible with the
        one-week lead time when journal sets become available. The PATTERN is
        specified as a string composed of two distinct characters representing
        sequential weeks. The first character indicates when a meeting takes
        place, and the other character indicates when a meeting does not take
        place (the actual characters used do not matter). The PATTERN then
        repeats as dates are scheduled or skipped. For example,

            xy meetings take place every other week. This is the default.

            x meetings take place every week.

            xxy meetings take place two weeks in a row followed by a skip-week.

            xxyy meetings occur two weeks in a row followed by two skip-weeks.

            xyx same as xxy, but the first meeting is followed by a skip-week.

    --skip-day=yyyy-mm-dd, mm-dd
        A day when a meeting cannot take place. If no year is provided, then the
        current year is used. This option can be specified repeatedly.

    --start-day=yyyy-mm-dd, mm-dd
        The first available meeting day. If no year is provided, then the
        current year is used.

FORMATS
    Text (txt, default), Markdown (mkd, md) and CSV (csv).

EXAMPLES
    Schedule 20 meetings with 2 presenters each, every other week beginning
    on January 11, 2021, skipping January 18, 2021:
        $ jsets meetings --meet-count=20 --meet-size=2\
                         --start-day=2021-01-11 --skip-day=2021-01-18

    Schedule meetings every three weeks for the journal sets in jsets2021.txt
    with 3 presenters each beginning with Ms. Green and the same start day as
    the previous example:
        $ jsets meetings jsets2021.txt --first-presenter="Ms. Green"\
                                       --start-day=2021-01-11 --pattern=xyy
