Usage: jsets refs

When computing the volume numbers, issue numbers and publication
dates for journal issues, JSets uses reference issues and known
publication frequencies. Therefore, reference issues need to be
provided in a configuration file. This file is found on the path,

    ~/.config/jsets/config

The <refs> command will display all the currently configured journals
and associated reference issues in the configuration file. Each
reference issue is displayed with the following information. This
is specified by the corresponding fields in the configuration file:

    abbr:      A unique abbreviation identifying the journal
    pubmed:    The journal abbreviation used by PubMed
    frequency: The publication frequency of the journal. JSets
               currently recognizes four publication frequencies:
                   monthly      : 12 issues each year (one per month)
                   weekly       : 52 issues each year (one per week)
                   weekly-first : 51/52 issues each year (one per
                                  week but drop first of the year)
                   weekly-last  : 51/52 issues each year (one per
                                  week but drop last of the year)
    resets:    Does the issue number reset to 1 at the start of each
               year or does it continuously increase.
    volume:    The volume number of the reference issue of the
               journal. *Note that for journals that have coninuously
               increasing issue numbers (i.e., resets = false), the
               volume number is just the year.*
    year:      Publication year of the reference issue. For journals
               with continuously increasing issue numbers, this
               should match the volume number.
    month:     Publication month (e.g., january or 1) of the
               reference issue of the journal.
    day:       Publication day (e.g., 4. 23, etc.) of the reference
               issue of the journal.

Most journals publish relatively regularly; however, it is possible
that variations may lead to the publication dates estimated by JSets
getting out of sync with the true publication dates. In these cases,
the reference issue should be updated.
