Usage: jsets toc FILE [FILE] [--key=SETNO]

Downloads content information for each issue in a specified journal
set in file FILE and generates output with all the corresponding
citations. If more than one FILE is provided as an argument, then
the journal sets between each of the files are collated together by
journal set number. If there is only one journal set in the resulting
collection, the no set number is necessary, and the single journal
set will be used to query PubMed for content information. If there
are multiple journal sets, then a journal set number must be pronided
using the --key/-k option.

The result table of contents information for the journal set can be
output in a variety of formats, with txt. being the default. Other
supported formats are Markdown (md or mkd) and html. The output
format is specified by specifying an output file using the
--output/-o option and the appropriate file extension. For example,
to generate table of contents information for journal set 6 in file
<jsets2019.txt> and display in in Markdown, use the following

    jsets toc jsets2019.txt --key=6 --output=toc6.md

When the output format is html, each citation has a checkbox that
can be used to select it for inclusion in a selection that can be
saved to your downloads folder. The selection file can be read by
JSets to create another table of contens with highlighted citations
or rank lists (see <ranks> command). There are three styles of
instructions depending on who the toc html output is intended for:

      basic      No special instructions. This is the default.
    --propose/-p This is for the students to propose articles for
                 inclusion in the selection. It includes email
                 information for the JSets administrator.
    --select/-s  This includes instructions for the boss. They are
                 basically the same as for the students, but points
                 out that selected citations are highlighte in a
                 different color.

For example, if you want to generate an html table of contents for
journal set 6 in <jsets2019.csv> using the --propose/-p format so it
can be sent to the students for making their selections, use

    jsets toc jsets2019.csv --key=6 -p --output=toc6.html
